CLDR-15370 Update known issues (#5633)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/translation.md

This list will be updated as fixes are made available in Survey Tool Production. If you find a problem, please [file a ticket](requesting_changes), but please review this list first to avoid creating duplicate tickets.

> 1. [CLDR-19412] - Some forum posts aren't linking back to the item, if you need to access that item you will have to navigate to the item by searching or via the left navigation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [CLDR-19412] - Some forum posts are not linking back to the item. If you need to access that item you will have to navigate to the item by searching or via the left navigation bar.
```
